Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[gunship engines roaring]
[narrator] Separatists
pushed to the brink.
Republic forces continue
to mount victories
on battlefronts
across the galaxy.
After the Jedi Knights thwarted an
attempt to kidnap Chancellor Palpatine.
the evil droid. General Grievous.
retreated to the Outer Rim.
With his legions of battle
droids severely depleted.
Grievous mounts a desperate and brutal
counterattack across several star systems.
We find Republic clone troopers
locked in deadly combat
on the besieged world of Kaller.
Lead by Jedi Master
Depa Billaba.
they struggle to hold their position as
they wait for reinforcements to arrive.
[groaning]
Fire.
[clone troopers
screaming. groaning]
Not to be a pessimist.
but if the commander isn't back
soon with those reinforcements...
My Padawan will be here.
[Caleb] Master!
Here. I'm here.
Caleb. where are
the reinforcements?
Don't worry. They're
right behind me.
Uh. where are they?
Caleb.
Trust me.
- Well. how many are there?
- Five of them.
Five? We're done.
Yeah. that's what I thought.
but you gotta see these clones.
They're different.
[rumbling]
Halt.
[rumbling continues]
Fire.
No. No.
Hold your positions.
Make a hole!
[battle droid] Hey!
I don't believe it.
That's Clone Force 99.
[Wrecker laughing]
Crosshair. let's get
these tanks moving.
Sir. yes. sir.
[grunting]
Huh? Hey. Stop that.
Adjust the stabilizers.
We're going over.
Hey. clanker. Catch.
Huh? [Groans]
I guess I'm in charge now.
Hey. What's that?
Oh. no...
[battle droid] Drop your
weapons and surrender.
[groans]
If you're done hiding down there. I
suggest you launch a counterattack.
Another droid
battalion's approaching.
The general is the one who
gives the orders around here.
He's right. Captain.
This is our chance.
Launch the counterattack.
Yes. General.
All right. men. Let's go!
[clone trooper] Sir. yes.
sir. Move it! Move it!
[clone trooper shouting]
There you are. little Jedi.
You missed all the fun.
Watching your team in
action was the fun.
Care to introduce your
new friends. Caleb?
Yes. Master.
This is Wrecker. Hunter.
Echo. Tech and Crosshair.
While I'm not sure "fun" is
the sentiment I would express.
I agree with my Padawan.
Your exploits were
quite impressive.
Exploits?
Don't overthink it. Wrecker.
Thank you. General.
Now. would one of you please explain
where my actual reinforcements are?
Rerouted to the capital.
We're all you're getting.
Ha! We're all you need.
Actually. if my intel is correct.
the general will not need any of us.
The Clone War may soon be over.
Better tell that to the
clankers headed our way.
I am referring to the
encrypted comm chatter.
Clone intelligence is reporting
Jedi General Obi-Wan Kenobi
has found and engaged
General Grievous on Utapau.
If he captures or
kills Grievous.
the Separatist command
structure will collapse.
And most likely the droid
armies along with them.
A fascinating theory. yet unfortunately
not something we can control from here.
I suggest we focus
on the task at hand.
Any orders?
Or shall we do what we do?
Let's blow something up. Yeah!
Well. Caleb. shall we
let them do what they do?
Only if I can go with them.
Very well.
Hey. kid. You ready
for this? We move fast.
Good. That's the
only way I know.
[Wrecker laughs]
I like him.
[comm beeps]
[hologram activating]
Execute Order 66.
[blasters firing]
Master.
Master!
You must run!
Run. Caleb!
[groaning. screams]
[gasps]
Stay away from me!
Kid. wait!
What... What just happened?
The comm channel is
repeating one directive.
"Execute Order 66."
Yeah. I heard that too.
What's Order 66?
I am not certain.
Echo. Tech. Talk to the reg
Captain. Find out what you can.
Crosshair. you and I will track down the
kid and make sure nothing happens to him.
Wrecker. stall anyone
who tries to follow us.
He's close.
[footsteps]
There.
Come on down. kid.
We're here to help. No!
Liar.
What are you doing?
Following orders.
We don't even know
what the order is.
Stand down until we
know what's going on.
Good soldiers follow orders.
Where's the Padawan?
Yeah. don't worry.
Hunter's handling it.
We have orders from the
Supreme Chancellor himself.
That's great. but like I
said. Hunter's handling it.
Step aside. Trooper.
Sure thing. boss.
Hunter. you've got regs inbound.
[Hunter] Copy that.
[Tech] We have a situation.
Tell me something
I don't know. Tech.
It appears the regs have been
ordered to execute the Jedi.
What? Which Jedi?
All of them. They're saying the
Jedi have committed treason.
[Crosshair] That
would explain things.
It doesn't begin
to explain things.
[Tech] I suggest
you get back here.
Can't. Haven't
found the kid yet.
Wrong.
[Caleb grunting]
[Hunter] Crosshair. stand down.
Don't!
[Hunter] Take it easy. kid.
Easy.
I'm on your side.
[water rushing]
Stay back.
Just hear me out.
No! You killed her!
[sighs] The others did. I'm
just as confused as you are.
Stay back. Stay back!
I can help you. Come with me.
[clone trooper] I'm sure
he went this way. Come on!
No!
Where's the Jedi?
I stunned him when he
jumped. He didn't make it.
We're coming up on Kamino.
It's good to be home.
How long has it been?
One hundred and eighty
rotations in a standard cycle.
but galactic zone changes put the
adjusted figure at around 205.
What?
[sighs] A long time.
You got that right.
What?
You sure that Padawan
died when he fell?
Sure I'm sure. Why?
Well. usually when someone
falls you look down. not across.
Well. some of us
don't like to watch.
[V-wing pilot] Unidentified transport.
transmit your clearance code.
Clearance code? Don't
they know who we are?
Must be a protocol drill.
[thunderclap. thunder rumbling]
Transmitting clearance code.
[V-wing pilot] Authorization confirmed.
Proceed to landing bay one-tac-one.
[PA announcer] Level five
lockdown remains in effect...
Shock troopers?
What's the Coruscant
Guard doing here?
[PA announcer] Level five
lockdown remains in effect.
Security teams. report
to the command center.
This isn't a drill.
Oh. man. What did we miss now?
The end of the war.
Say again. Trooper.
General Grievous was
defeated on Utapau.
The Separatist leadership has
collapsed. The war is over.
- Just like I said.
- [Wrecker gasps]
It is just like you said.
Is there a problem?
No problem.
We'll just head to
our barracks then.
Best hurry. There's a mandatory
general assembly at 1500.
It's not just the
clones on Kaller.
All the regs are acting strange.
Let's test that theory.
Excuse me. Trooper. What
division are you from?
Step aside.
Oh. Well. they seem
the same to me.
[Wrecker] Ah!
Good to be back.
The smell's getting worse.
You're still new.
You'll get used to it.
[Crosshair] Speak for yourself.
Well. I'll get the board.
Eleven more successful missions.
[chuckles] Like
there was any doubt.
Kaller wasn't a win.
Says who? We completed
our objective.
Not every objective.
Hunter let that Jedi kid escape.
Or do you want to
keep lying to us?
I don't like to think of executing
our commanders as a mission objective.
An order is an order.
Since when?
None of this makes sense.
Those clones served alongside
General Billaba for years.
How could they turn
on her like that?
Because of the regs programming.
What programming?
It's been well documented
that the Kaminoans
inhibited the cognitive
functions of clones
to engineer them to follow
orders without question.
Ha! We sure don't.
Obviously. we are different.
They manipulated preexisting
aberrations in our DNA.
resulting in your brute strength.
Crosshair's sharpshooting skills.
Hunter's enhanced senses
and my exceptional mind.
My guess is we are immune to
the effects of the programming.
Though I can't be
100% certain of it.
What about Echo? He was a
reg before he joined us.
Yeah. if all regs were programmed.
why didn't I react like the others?
The damage you
sustained on Skako Minor
most likely wiped out all of your
preset behavioral modifications.
You are more machine than
man... percentagewise. at least.
[sighs] Lucky me.
[PA announcer] All personnel
report to the staging area
for a briefing on the
state of the Republic.
This is one meeting
I don't want to miss.
First time for everything.
[Palpatine] And the Jedi
rebellion has been foiled.
The remaining Jedi will be
hunted down and defeated.
The attempt on my life
has left me scarred
and deformed.
You can say that again.
But I assure you.
My resolve has
never been stronger!
In order to ensure the security
and continuing stability...
What is it?
The Republic will be reorganized
- into the first...
- Nothing.
Galactic Empire!
Galactic Empire?
For a safe and secure society.
- [cheering. shouting]
- Yeah!
Still don't think the
regs are programmed?
[thunder rumbling]
Galactic Empire? We're
soldiers of the Republic.
Republic. Empire...
What's the difference?
The systematic termination of
the Jedi is a big one for me.
Lads. we've got company.
Hello.
What's that?
Adolescent human female.
Origins... uncertain.
My name's Omega. I was wondering
when you guys would come back.
You know who we are?
Hunter. Echo. Tech.
Wrecker and Crosshair.
You're Clone Force 99.
What are you doing
on Kamino. kid?
Her job. of course.
She is my medical assistant.
one with a curious mind
that causes her to wander.
Come. Omega. There
is work to do.
This day keeps getting
weirder and weirder.
Admiral Tarkin. this
news is most surprising.
Chancellor Palpatine has always supported
our cloning advancements in the past.
Emperor Palpatine's
priorities have changed.
With the war at an end. the need for
future clones is being questioned.
Our contracts stipulate
the continued production.
Your contracts were with the
Republic. which no longer exists.
Surely you realize the precarious
state this newly formed Empire is in.
Clone troopers will be needed to
maintain order throughout the galaxy.
Indeed. A service conscription soldiers
could provide at half the cost.
The skill level and
efficiency of our clones
is far superior to that
of any recruited body.
I shall be the judge of
that. Prime Minister.
His shuttle arrived
earlier today.
I heard he's evaluating
all the clones.
Good. It's about time some of
the fat got trimmed around here.
Clones being programmed.
Nothing controls me.
Wrecker. it is a
logical conclusion
that your affinity for destruction
would stem from your conditioning.
You take that back!
I am merely stating a scientific
hypothesis based on factual data.
Well. I got a fact for you.
I like to blow things up because
I like to blow things up!
Got it?
Well. I'm convinced.
An Imperial's been sent
to evaluate the clones.
Everybody's talking about it.
What kind of evaluation?
Hopefully not mental.
Clearly we'd never pass that.
Hello again.
Omega. From earlier?
In the corridor?
Yeah. kid. We remember.
Don't you have some place to be?
No. I'll stay.
You want to sit with us?
That's never happened before.
Wow.
I like you. You don't fit
in around here either.
What are you really doing
here on Kamino. kid?
Don't you have a family
somewhere? Parents?
Parents?
Check it out. The defect squad's
got themselves a new recruit.
[chuckles]
Another member added
to the Sad Batch.
[clone troopers laughing]
What the...
Who threw that?
I did. Now apologize
to my friends.
I like this kid!
What did you say to me?
Whoa. whoa. whoa. Back off.
I suggest you keep moving.
[scoffs]
Know your place. lab scrabber.
[grunts]
Oops.
That's it.
Oh. yeah!
[clone troopers shouting]
Oh. not again.
Echo. watch out.
[Echo groaning]
[AZI-3] But mistress Nala Se summoned
you to the sub-level medical wing.
- You must go.
- [Omega] No.
I'm staying here
until he wakes up.
Whe... Where?
[grunting. groaning]
No! Get them off!
But my tests are
not yet complete.
Echo. Echo. it's... It's
okay. It's me. Omega.
I understand.
I don't like being hooked
up to their machines either.
Hello. CT-1409.
His name is Echo.
I am AZI-345211896246498721347.
your assigned medical droid.
Ha! Told you he's alive!
You owe me two credits.
CT-1409's condition is stable.
But I have some distressing
news for the rest of you.
According to your test results.
you all appear to be
genetically defective clones.
I will leave you to process
the shock of this revelation.
We've got a problem.
Not really. We're more
deviant than we are defective.
Not that. Admiral Tarkin's here.
He's the one
evaluating the clones.
The same Tarkin from the
Citadel rescue when you. uh...
- How shall I put this?
- Blew up.
And turned into that.
[sighs] Yes.
And he's not a big
supporter of clones.
We'll soon find out. We've been
summoned by the prime minister.
Guess he didn't find that mess
hall fight amusing. But I sure did.
Come on. Let's get
this over with.
Wait.
The fight was my
fault. I'm going too.
Not happening.
We'll handle this.
- But I...
- Listen. kid.
Our squad's nothing but trouble.
For your sake.
keep your distance.
Got it?
Where do you think you're going?
The training facility is that way.
Training facility?
For a battle simulation.
Admiral Tarkin has requested to
see more of your squad in action.
Then we are not
being reprimanded?
No. you're being tested.
Now. go gear up.
So. we're not in trouble. and
they want us to fight more?
Ha! Maybe this Empire
thing's not so bad after all.
The value of all clone troopers
is being challenged by the Empire.
To demonstrate your effectiveness. a
combat-proficiency test is in order.
Take your positions.
We've done these a thousand
times. boys. You know what to do.
A battle simulation?
Give us a real challenge.
You may begin.
- [beeping]
- [whirring]
Crosshair. take the towers.
Move in.
[Wrecker] Finally!
I'll cover you.
This is taking way too long!
[shouts]
Huh? Huh? [Laughing]
What else ya got? Gimme more!
If the Galactic Empire is to be stronger
than the Republic which preceded it.
it's soldiers must follow suit.
Switch to live fire.
Admiral Tarkin. I must protest.
Live rounds could damage
my clones and my facility.
For which you will be
fairly compensated. Do it!
[Wrecker laughs]
New toys. Now we're talking.
Yeah!
Huh?
[groans]
They're using live rounds.
Get Wrecker. We'll cover you.
Wrecker. are you all right?
[groans] I felt that one.
[Hunter] Fall back.
[Crosshair] This is going well.
[Echo] These training
blasters are useless on them.
[Hunter] Then we improvise.
If Tarkin wants to test us.
let's not disappoint him.
[whistles]
Oh! I hate hand signals.
Perhaps if you memorized them.
Why don't you memorize them?
I have.
What we did on Felucia.
Well. why didn't
you just say that?
Incoming.
Reprogramming this thing will
be pointless if you crush it.
You better be right about this.
These are rather
unusual tactics.
The clones of
experimental Unit 99
have a tendency to veer from
standard combat protocol.
[grunting]
Hurry up.
Done. Let him go.
[device beeping]
[grunting]
- Wrecker. Look alive.
- Huh?
Stay down!
I can't sustain the connection.
- [groans]
- Tech!
Crosshair. we need
more cover fire.
[Wrecker] Tech!
Hold tight. buddy.
I'm not going anywhere.
Wrecker. knife.
[powers down]
Wow.
Nice work.
[Nala] Extraordinary.
aren't they?
That remains to be seen.
Tell me about Clone Force 99.
They are medically
defective clones
whose cellular mutations enhanced
traits desirable in a soldier.
How many of these enhanced
clones do you possess?
Five are all that remain.
They could be an asset
to your new Empire.
Yet reports indicate they
exhibit a concerning level
of disobedience and
disregard for orders.
A side effect of their mutation.
Yet one that has never hindered
the completion of their missions.
Then they executed Order 66?
Since both the Jedi General and
Padawan on Kaller were eliminated.
one would assume.
Assume nothing. Only the
general's death is confirmed.
A counter-report. filed by one of
their own. says the Padawan escaped.
Let us see where the loyalty
of these clones truly lies.
Live rounds? They used
live rounds! On us!
We were there. Wrecker. We know.
I tried to warn
you about Tarkin.
Who's that Imperial
snake think he is?
Stow it. already. You got
shot. It happens all the time.
There's a fundamental difference
between taking fire in battle
and being used for
target practice.
Exactly! We're not dummy droids.
That much we agree on.
That was quite an
impressive display.
Didn't have much choice.
Our new empire may have methods
which seem a bit unorthodox.
but so does this squadron.
Both certainly
have their merits.
Nala Se speaks quite highly
of her five enhanced clones.
She claims you're more
capable than an army.
You have a mission for us. sir?
Indeed. We have tracked a group of
insurgents to the Onderon sector.
They must be dealt with.
What sort of insurgents?
Separatist forces intent on
keeping the galaxy at war.
If you neutralize this grave threat.
you will be looked upon most favorably
as I assess the needs
of the Imperial Army.
Find any more intel
on the insurgents?
Negative. Imperial files
are locked down tight.
Give me time. I'll crack them.
I'll say this for the
Empire. they know firepower.
You should see the new armory.
He actually cried.
Hey. we both did.
There's no room
on board for that.
Yeah? Well. I'll make room.
[sighs]
A new mission and
unlimited explosives.
Things are back to normal.
That's not going near my rack. I
refuse to sleep by a projectile again.
[Omega] Hunter.
I told you to keep
your distance.
I know. but I need
to talk to you.
All right. What is it?
That Imperial officer. I
think he has it out for you.
I overheard him talking to Lama
Su. He doesn't like clones.
[chuckles]
Ah. that's nothing new for
us. But we get the job done.
I don't trust him.
A mission's a mission. It's
nothing to worry about.
Then let me come with you.
Kid. you're not a
soldier. It's dangerous.
It's dangerous here too.
Things aren't like before.
We need to leave Kamino.
[Wrecker] Hunter. let's go!
Change takes getting used to.
You'll see. Just give it time.
Hunter.
Um. n-never mind.
Problem?
Um. something about
her I can't figure out.
Well. I guess kids aren't
your area of expertise.
Omega. Come along.
I told you to stay close.
[creature roaring]
[Echo] What was that?
[Tech] You don't want to know.
[Wrecker] Well. at
least it's not a swamp.
[Crosshair] Close enough.
[Hunter] The Separatist
encampment's two klicks south.
We'll continue on foot and
do a full perimeter scan.
Covertly.
Oh. come on. It's been days
since I've blown something up.
Easy. Wrecker. Your
programming's kicking in.
Hey. don't start with that!
[grumbles]
[creatures chirping. chittering]
[scanner beeping]
[Hunter] How many droids
are we talking about. Tech?
I can't tell from this distance.
Something's blocking my scan.
[Hunter] Clankers
always travel in packs.
Let's get a closer look at
what we're walking into.
[Hunter] Tell me
what you see. Tech.
I'm clocking 25 heat signatures
ahead but zero droids.
[Crosshair] Tarkin said
insurgents. not droids.
[Echo] I'm not sure
they're either.
There are children down there.
[Hunter] Children? Out here?
Something's not right.
[Crosshair] What
are you waiting for?
Give the order.
- [Hunter] Negative. Stand down.
- What?
[Wrecker] You mean. we're
not blasting any droids?
[Tech] There aren't
any droids. Wrecker.
[Wrecker] Well.
so what do we do?
[Crosshair] We
finish the mission.
Make the call. Hunter.
We're not alone.
Now stand down.
You heard him. Stand down.
Let's hear them out. Trust me.
[sighs]
These aren't Separatists.
They're Republic fighters.
Why would Tarkin send us
to attack our own forces?
Because we refuse to
fight for an Empire.
You're Saw Gerrera.
Trained by Captain Rex and General
Skywalker to fight for the Republic.
So. the newly declared empire
sent you to wipe us out?
Well. we're here to neutralize
a group of insurgents.
[chuckles]
Well... here we are.
What are you gonna do?
Strike us down like
you did the Jedi?
Is that a request?
Enough.
We expected to find
battle droids. not...
Civilians? Times
change. targets change.
Why don't you take a look at the
insurgents you were sent to destroy?
Makes you wonder what
else they're lying about.
Let's mobilize.
Pack up the camp.
What's going on here?
Who are these people?
Villagers. croppers.
former Republic fighters.
all now displaced refugees since Palpatine
unjustly appointed himself Emperor.
According to reports. the Jedi made an
attempt on the Supreme Chancellor's life.
His actions were a
defensive measure.
And I figured you
for the smart one.
With the Jedi decimated and the
clone army under his command.
Palpatine will have control
over the entire galaxy.
Unless we stop him.
The war is over.
If we give up now.
everything we fought for
everyone we lost. will
have been for nothing.
I won't let that happen.
The Clone War may have ended. but
a civil war is about to begin.
With a handful of fighters and limited
firepower? You don't stand a chance.
Not alone we don't.
We should leave if we're
gonna make the rendezvous.
What do we do with them?
The clones once helped us free
Onderon. so we'll give them a choice.
The old ways are done.
You can either adapt and
survive. or die with the past.
The decision is yours.
[droid chatter]
[Tech] At least with the
Republic we knew where we stood.
Tarkin and this Empire are
a whole different story.
Why are we debating this? We
need to complete the mission.
Wake up. Crosshair. They sent us
to eliminate innocent civilians.
Who said they're innocent?
What's wrong with you?
Me? I'm following orders.
Exactly.
Those insurgents are
plotting against the Emperor.
If you don't have the stomach
to do what needs to be done.
then you're not fit
to lead this squad.
[branch snaps]
We're being followed.
[Tech] That is a probe droid.
[Wrecker] Tarkin's
spying on us now?
The Jedi never did that.
[Crosshair] Not
that you know of.
Omega.
What about her?
She warned me about the
mission. And Tarkin.
She said not to return to Kamino.
that it's not safe for us anymore.
[Wrecker grunts]
Maybe she's right.
We're taking the
word of a child now?
I would not discount
Omega's insight.
A state of heightened
awareness is not unusual
for an enhanced clone
such as herself.
[laughs] Good one.
Tech. You almost had me.
When Nala Se spoke
of five clones.
Tarkin assumed that meant
us. but Echo's a reg.
The fifth is Omega.
I confirmed my suspicions after analyzing
her DNA while we were in the infirmary.
And you waited until
now to mention it?
Well. I thought it was obvious.
How is it obvious?
We're going back for her.
Disobeying orders
again over a kid?
Bad play. Hunter.
She's one of us. We're
not leaving her there.
[engine starting]
[thunder rumbling]
Wow.
What is all this stuff. AZI?
My scanners are indicating
an assortment of armament.
curios and detritus
of little to no value.
I like it.
We should not be here. Omega.
Nala Se instructed us to
stay in the medical wing.
Don't worry. We're on...
a research assignment.
A research assignment?
Those are my favorite.
What is it we are
searching for? Is it this?
[object clatters]
What about this?
[AZI-3] Or this?
Is it this?
Perhaps this?
What about this?
This is a curious keepsake.
[screams]
Shh! People will hear us.
I have concluded this space
is unfit for habitation.
[shock troopers
chattering. faint]
Someone is coming. Time to go.
You're not authorized
to be in here.
I... got lost.
Sorry. It won't happen again.
Pack up their gear and
take it to the hangar.
You. you're coming with me.
We will not. We are official
Kaminoan medical personnel...
Don't touch me. droid.
- [screams]
- AZI!
I'm getting no response from
com-scan. This is unusual.
Bring us in. We'll find
out what's going on.
[thunderclap. thunder rumbling]
Stick to the plan.
Split up. find Omega. meet
back here at the ship.
Freeze!
As expected.
The Empire does not
tolerate failure. Sergeant.
There were complications.
Yes. the probe droid's
report was quite detailed.
Conspiring with Saw Gerrera.
I assume you know the
punishment for treason.
Treason?
Throw them in the brig.
[sniffs]
Smells weird.
Because it's clean.
Well. the plan wasn't
a total failure.
Goody.
I warned you not to come back.
Had to. We were looking for you.
Me?
What do you say. kid?
You wanna come with us or did
we get captured for nothing?
You came back for me?
That's right. Or you
can stay on Kamino if...
No. it's like I said before.
I want to go with you.
How touching.
[clears throat]
Uh. Hunter. how are we
breaking outta here?
I'm working on it.
You know what you
should work on?
Explaining when you went soft.
Stow it. Crosshair.
Don't you see we're locked
up in here because of him?
He had us disobey orders.
I never thought you disobeying
orders was a problem.
Yeah. We do it all the time.
Good soldiers follow orders.
Every choice you've made
since Kaller has been wrong.
First the Padawan. then Gerrera.
You're becoming a liability.
We can debate my choices later.
For now. let's focus
on getting outta here.
[exhales]
[Omega] You're angry.
How perceptive.
I know what you're going
to do. but please don't.
What do you know?
I know it's not your fault.
You can't help it.
CT-9904. you're coming with us.
Oh. no. no. no.
We stay together.
Stand down!
Well. what is his status?
CT-9904's genetic mutations have
altered much of his cranial activity.
including his inhibitor chip.
Yet he exhibited loyalty to the
Empire during their mission.
While the chip is not as
active as a standard clone's.
the order does
appear to be working.
Can you intensify
the programming?
Yes.
Then proceed.
[whirring]
[beeping]
I've got it. Why didn't
I think of it before?
This is not a prison.
Yeah. well. I beg to differ.
This is a Kaminoan facility. It
was built prior to the Clone Wars.
There were no barracks or
prisons when it was constructed.
Well. how does that help us?
Because while these cells were
retrofitted to hold normal individuals.
they could not possibly account
for someone like Wrecker.
Oh! You mean I could
punch our way out?
- Shh!
Oh. Right.
[whispers] You mean I
could punch our way out?
If you punch the correct spot.
Right. Show me where.
If this is gonna work. we'll
need some cover. Form a wall.
Hit this. Here.
Right.
Tell me when.
Now.
[grumbles]
Nothing happened.
Are you sure this is gonna work?
Try it again. A little harder.
You're all clear. Make it count.
Okay.
[chattering. faint]
Oh. it still didn't work.
Oh. yes. it did.
Look.
I'll never fit through that.
Astute as always. Wrecker. but I
was actually going to suggest...
I'll do it.
You sure. kid?
I'm sure.
Okay. Get to the console and hit
the lever to lower the ray shield.
Incoming.
Wait. where's the girl?
You tell us.
Harm her and you're a dead man.
Operations. we need a status
report on prisoner 0219.
[clank]
What was that?
Sorry.
These floors don't hold me
so well on account of them
not being designed for abnormal
individuals such as myself.
What's behind you?
Nothing.
Move away from the wall. Now.
Why don't you come
here and make me?
[comm beeps]
Copy that. The girl's still
registered in lockdown.
Tell us where she is.
Hit the switch. Omega!
Ah! [Grunts]
Get off!
Hey. Red.
Ha! Not bad.
We need to find out where they
took Crosshair. Let's move.
[sighs] We're not going to
get very far without our gear.
They started moving all your things to
the hangar. Your gear might be there too.
This way.
All right. boys. suit up.
Let's make this quick.
Right. No. No! Where
is it? Where is it?
[grunting]
It's gotta be here somewhere.
Tech. power up the ship. The rest
of us will go after Crosshair.
I don't think we'll
have to go far.
Is that Crosshair?
Best stand down. Sergeant.
Make it easy on yourself.
Have you lost your mind?
We should've killed that Jedi.
You disobeyed orders.
I did what I thought was right.
You never could see
the bigger picture.
Now surrender.
Is that an order?
Heh.
I guess it is.
Well. I guess I'm
disobeying that one too.
[spits]
[thunderclap. thunder rumbling]
Tech. we gotta move. Now!
I'm working on it.
Wrecker. clear the
smoke on three.
You got it. boss.
Omega. stay low.
One... two...
Three!
[groans]
[Hunter] Omega. don't!
He's using Wrecker as bait.
But he needs help.
- Tech. we're out of time.
- Almost got it.
Seal the bay doors!
[beeps]
[metal clunking]
[alarm blaring]
- [blaring continues]
- Sir. someone's overriding the controls.
When I say "go." you head for
that ramp and don't stop. Got it?
Echo. we go for Wrecker.
[Crosshair] Only
one way out. Hunter.
Your move.
Go!
[beeps]
Has the matter been rectified?
The inhibitor chip
augmentation was a success.
However. the remaining clones
of squad 99 have escaped.
along with Omega.
Mmm. We must be cautious.
Until the Empire's intentions
are made clear. say nothing.
Yes. Prime Minister.
Ouch!
Hey! Hey. hey. hey.
What's that gonna do?
You'll be okay. Just hold still.
[Omega] Is this what
you were looking for?
[gasps]
You found my Lula!
- Ow!
- [giggling]
[scanner beeps]
Let's see here. Hold still.
Don't examine me.
I'm not a computer.
- This will take just a second.
- [beeping]
Get that thing away
from me. [Grunts]
Your first time in space?
First time anywhere.
Impressive shot back there.
Where'd you learn to do that?
I don't know.
I never fired a blaster before.
I guess I got lucky.
She's not the only one.
I'm fine.
It'll take more than a blaster
shot to take me down. [Chuckles]
You were down.
Yeah. well. not
for long. [Laughs]
[groans]
What's the plan. Hunter?
I thought we could go
off on our own. Lay low.
But with Crosshair gunning
for us. I'm not so sure.
What about your friends?
Could any of them help us?
That would be a short list.
I can think of one.
Plot a course for J-19.
J-19?
We know a guy.
[laughs] Yeah!
Strap in. kid. You're not
gonna wanna miss this view.
[beeping]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm